# Topics and Objectives

## **3** Layout XML in Themes  

[Previous Section](./2.md) | [Back to Index](./) | [Next Section](./4.md)


------

## **3.1**  Demonstrate knowledge of all layout XML directives and their arguments

**Q.** What layout XML elements exist and what is their purpose?

**Q.** What is the purpose of the attributes that are available on blocks and other elements?

## **3.2**  Describe page layouts and their inheritance

**Q.** How can the page layout be specified?

**Q.** What is the purpose of page layouts?

**Q.** How can a custom page layout be created?

**Q.** Where are the existing page layouts used?

**Q.** How can the root page layout be specified for all pages and for specific pages?

## **3.3**  Demonstrate understanding of layout handles and corresponding files

**Q.** How can the available layout handles for a given page be determined?

**Q.** How do you add a new layout handle?

**Q.** What is the purpose of layout handles?

**Q.** What are the most commonly used layout handles?

**Q.** How can layout handles be used during theme customization?

## **3.4**  Understand the differences between containers and blocks

**Q.** What is the purpose of blocks?

**Q.** What is the purpose of containers?

**Q.** How can containers be used in theming?

**Q.** How can blocks be used in theming?

**Q.** What is the default block type?

**Q.** How can the order of rendered child blocks be influenced both in containers and in blocks?

## **3.5**  Describe layout XML override technique

**Q.** How can layout XML be overridden?

**Q.** How can layout overriding be used in theming?

**Q.** What are consequences of layout overrides during upgrades?

**Q.** What is the effect of layout overrides on compatibility?

## **3.6**  Understand layout merging

**Q.** What is layout merging?

**Q.** How do design areas influence merging?

**Q.** How can merging remove elements added earlier? 

**Q.** What are additive changes and what are overriding changes during layout merging?

## **3.7**  Understand processing order of layout handles and other directives

**Q.** In what order are layout handles processed?

**Q.** In what order is layout XML merged within the same handle?

**Q.** How can the processing order be influenced?

**Q.** What are common problems arising from the merge order of layout declarations?

## **3.8**  Set values on block instances using layout XML arguments

**Q.** How can arguments be set on blocks?

**Q.** Which data types are available?

**Q.** What are common arguments for blocks?

## **3.9**  Customize a theme's appearance with etc/view.xml

**Q.** What is the `etc/view.xml` file used for?

**Q.** How can it be used to customize a theme?

**Q.** How can values from `etc/view.xml` be used during theming?

**Q.** How does theme inheritance influence values from `etc/view.xml`?
