# Topics and Objectives

## **7** Use LESS/CSS to Customize the Magento Look and Feel  

[Previous Section](./6.md) | [Back to Index](./) | [Next Section](./8.md)


------


## **7.1**  Explain core concepts of LESS

**Describe features like file import via `@import` directive, reusable code sections via mixins together with parameters and the usage of variables.**
 
**Demonstrate your understanding of the special variable `@arguments`.**

**Demonstrate how to use the nesting code formatting, and the understanding of media queries together with nesting.** 

**Describe how the `&` (Ampersand) works and its function.**
 
**Describe how calculations are possible, as well.**
 
## **7.2**  Explain Magento's implementation of LESS (@magento_directive)

**Demonstrate the process from magento - less files via php preprocessing into real LESS files with extracted `@import` directives.** 

**Q.** Where can the intermediate files be found?

**Q.** What do you have to remember, when you change a less file?

**Q.** Which files will be re-processed on file changes?

**Q.** Are the original files copied or symlinked in developer environments? 

## **7.3**  Describe the purpose of _module.less, _extend.less, _extends.less 

**Demonstrate LESS has no fallback capabilities and therefor magento created `@magento_import` directives to enable FE devs to inject or replace parts of existing less structures of modules and themes.** 

## **7.4**  Show configuration and usage of CSS merging and minification 

**Demonstrate the primary use case for merging and minifaction.**
 
**Determine how these options can be found in the backend.**
 
**Understand the implications merging has in respect to folder traversal.**

## **7.5**  Magento UI library usage

**Demonstrate your understanding of magento's UI library, a LESS-based library of mixins and variables for many different standard design elements on websites.**

**Q.** How can you take advantage of the UI library?

**Q.** What do you have to do to enable it in your theme?

**Q.** Which file is primarily used for basic set up of variables?

**Q.** Where can UI library files be found?

**Q.** How can it be extended?

**Q.** How can you change specific parts of the UI library? 

