# Topics and Objectives

## **8 Customize the Look and Feel of Specific Magento Pages**  

[Previous Section](./7.md) | [Back to Index](./) | [Next Section](./9.md)


------


## **8.1**  Utilize generic page elements
 
**Demonstrate an understanding of customizing generic page elements that can be found on most pages: page header and footer, quick search, store view (language) switcher, minicart, breadcrumbs, and sidebar menu.** 

## **8.2** Customizing product detail pages

**Q.** How can design changes (page layout) be configured on product detail pages?

**Q.** How can design changes be configured for specific product types? 

**Q.** How can you use custom layout updates for specific product pages?

**Demonstrate an understanding of how to use the container blocks provided by Magento to display additional information on category pages.**
 
## **8.3**  Customizing category pages

**Q.** How can design changes (page layout) be configured on category pages?

**Q.** How can the layered navigation be configured? 

**Demonstrate an understanding of configuring design inheritance for category pages.**
 
**Q.** How can a CMS block be configured as a category landing page? 

## **8.4** Customizing CMS pages

**Q.** How can design changes (page layout) be configured on CMS pages?

**Demonstrate an understanding of static variables in CMS blocks and pages. Demonstrate an understanding of the use of CMS template directives (var, store, block, ...).** 

## **8.5**  Customizing widgets

**Q.** How is a widget instance created?

**Q.** Where can widgets be used?

**Q.** How can a custom widget target be created? 

**Demonstrate an understanding of configuring a widget instance.**

## **8.6**  Customizing CMS blocks

**Q.** How do you create and insert CMS blocks?

**Demonstrate an understanding of the use of CMS template directives (var, store, block, ...).**

## **8.7**  Customizing customer account pages

**Q.** How do you remove or add an item from the customer account navigation using layout XML?

**Demonstrate an understanding of formatting customer addresses.** 

## **8.8**  Customizing one-page checkout

**Demonstrate an understanding of the container blocks provided in the Magento checkout to display additional information.** 

## **8.9**  Understand customization of transactional email templates 

**Q.** How do you create and assign custom transactional email templates?

**Q.** How do you use template variables available in all emails?

**Q.** How do you access properties of variable objects (for example, var order.getCustomer.getName)?

**Q.** How can you create a link to custom images from transactional email templates?

**Q.** How do you create links to store pages in transactional email templates?
