# Section 6: Customizing the Catalog (23%)

[Previous Section](./5.md) | [Next Section](./7.md)

-----

## [Section 6: Customizing the Catalog (23%)](./6.md)

### **6.1**  Demonstrate an ability to understand and customize Magento products

#### **Selecting the right product type for a given requirement (configurable with custom options, bundle with grouped). Deciding to use non-standard products: for example, for licenses, subscriptions, courseware, or glasses. Product relations (related, upsells).**

#### **Select a product type for a subscription/subscription bundled with a physical product**

#### **Select a product type for courseware**

#### **Select a product type for glasses with a prescription**

#### **Compare custom options with configurable products**

#### **Configurable product with custom options for the associated simple products**

#### **Bundled product with custom options for its associated simple products**

#### **What is the "related products" database structure? Understand the performance impact of having many related products**

#### **Compare related with upsells**

#### **Programmatically access related products, custom options, configurable parameters**

#### **Dynamic related products**

### **6.2**  Demonstrate an ability to perform complex operations with the Magento pricing framework


#### **Understand the pricing calculation and rendering framework. Which classes are involved in rendering/calculation? What is the role of indexing? How do different price modifiers work together?**

#### **How is a price calculated on the product detail page, the product listing page? Price calculation classes. Relation to the price indexer**

#### **The `Magento\Framework\Price\*` component and its extension in the Catalog module**

#### **How to render a product price: which class to use, which data needs to be provided**

#### **Indexed price vs. prices calculated on the fly**

#### **Price configuration: tier prices, special price, custom option, configurable adjustment, catalog rules, cart rules**

#### **How to change the price rendering process for a given product type/product instance**

#### **How to add a custom price adjustment to modify the calculation process. What happens if the price index is not aligned with this change?**

### **6.3**  Customize catalog price rules


#### **Programmatically create a catalog price rule, the impact of catalog price rules on performance, extending catalog price rule conditions with custom entities**

### **6.4**  Determine how to use Magento categories


#### **Advanced category features: hierarchy, custom attributes, impact on performance**

#### **What happens if a project has many categories?**

#### **Dynamic rules for the order of products in category**

#### **The category `is_anchor` attribute and its effect on performance**

### **6.5**  Demonstrate an understanding of catalog indexers


#### **The indexing framework, the price indexer, the inventory indexer, the EAV indexer. How does Magento use indexed data?**

#### **Estimate indexing customization efforts when making architectural decisions. Estimate indexing process complexity and time for different given conditions. The impact of indexing for frequent catalog updates.**

#### **What steps does Magento perform when indexing? What is the role of the indexer_state table**

#### **How to register a new indexer**

#### **How does the price indexer work? Which events trigger it? How do different product types declare their indexers? How important is an order of indexers in price indexing?**

#### **Inventory indexer overview, inventory indexing for different product types**

#### **What is the scope of a price in the price index? How difficult is it to extend the scope of an index?**

#### **Impact of many stores/websites on price indexing**

#### **Custom price modifiers: Pros and cons of customizing the index versus adjusting the native features like price rules or custom options**

### **6.6**  Demonstrate understanding of catalog staging and its impact on the system


#### **Flow modifications introduced by staging (triggers, row_id, data versions). Staging-related modifications of the indexing process**

#### **Issues related to different `row_id` and `entity_id`**

#### **Catalog triggers**

### **6.7**  Demonstrate an understanding of the product search framework


#### **How to customize Elastic search**

### **6.8**  Demonstrate understanding of importing products and categories in Magento

#### **Frequent imports, massive imports, import with many attributes**

#### **Issues related to a frequent import, for example every minute**

#### **Compare importing products using the native import, save by model, or custom SQL**

#### **Specifics of importing a catalog with many attributes and attribute sets**

#### **Importing categories and product relations**


