# Topics and Objectives - Part 1

## **1** Magento Architecture and Customization Techniques

[Back to Index](./) | [Next Section](./2.md)

------


## **1.1** Describe the Magento module-based architecture

**Describe module architecture.**

**Q.** What are the significant steps to add a new module? 

**Q.** What are the different Composer package types? 

**Q.** When would you place a module in the `app/code` folder versus another location?

## **1.2** Describe the Magento directory structure

**Describe the Magento directory structure.**

**Q.** What are the naming conventions, and how are namespaces established? 

**Q.** How can you identify the files responsible for some functionality?

## **1.3** Utilize configuration and configuration variables scope

**Determine how to use configuration files in Magento.**

**Q.** Which configuration files are important in the development cycle?

**Describe development in the context of website and store scopes.**

**Q.** How do you identify the configuration scope for a given variable? 

**Q.** How do native Magento scopes (for example, **price** or **inventory**) affect development and decision-making processes?

**Demonstrate an ability to add different values for different scopes.**

**Q.** How can you fetch a system configuration value programmatically? 

**Q.** How can you override system configuration values for a given store using **XML** configuration?

## **1.4** Demonstrate how to use dependency injection (DI)

**Demonstrate the ability to use the dependency injection concept in Magento development.**

**Q.** How are objects realized in code? 

**Q.** Why is it important to have a centralized object creation process?

**Identify how to use DI configuration files for customizing Magento.**

**Q.** How can you override a native class, inject your class into another object, and use other techniques available in `di.xml` (for example, `virtualTypes`)?

**Given a scenario, determine how to obtain an object using the ObjectManager object.**

**Q.** How would you obtain a class instance from different places in the code?

## **1.5** Demonstrate ability to use plugins

**Demonstrate an understanding of plugins.**

**Q.** How are plugins used in core code? 

**Q.** How can they be used for customizations?

## **1.6** Configure event observers and scheduled jobs

**Demonstrate how to create a customization using an event observer.**

**Q.** How are observers registered? 

**Q.** How are they scoped for frontend or backend? 

**Q.** How are automatic events created, and how should they be used? 

**Q.** How are scheduled jobs configured?
