# Topics and Objectives - Part 1

## **1** Magento Architecture and Customization Techniques

[Back to Index](./) | [Next Section](./2.md)

------


## **1.1** Describe Magento's module-based architecture

**Describe module limitations.** 


**Q.** How do different modules interact with each other? 

> <kbd>Todo</kbd>


**Q.** What side-effects can come from this interaction?


**_References:_**


## **1.2** Describe Magento's directory structure

**Determine how to locate different types of files in Magento.** 

**Q.** Where are the files containing JavaScript, HTML, and PHP located?

**Q.** How do you find the files responsible for certain functionality?

**_References:_**


## **1.3** Utilize configuration XML and variables scope

**Determine how to use configuration files in Magento.** 

**Q.** Which configuration files correspond to different features and functionality?

**_References:_**


## **1.4** Demonstrate how to use dependency injection

**Describe Magento's dependency injection approach and architecture.** 

**Q.** How are objects realized in Magento? Why is it important to have a centralized process creating object instances?

**Identify how to use DI configuration files for customizing Magento.** 

**Q.** How can you override a native class, inject your class into another object, and use other techniques available in `di.xml` (such as `virtualTypes`)?

**_References:_**


## **1.5** Demonstrate ability to use plugins

**Demonstrate how to design complex solutions using the plugin's life cycle.** 

**Q.** How do multiple plugins interact, and how can their execution order be controlled?

> Magento calls these Plugins (interceptors) sequentially according to a configured **sort order**, so they do not conflict with one another.

> **[Plugin Prioritization](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/extension-dev-guide/plugins.html#prioritizing-plugins)**
>
> The `sortOrder` property for plugins determine when their `before`, `after`, or `around` methods get called when more than one plugins are observing the same method.
>
> **The prioritization rules for ordering plugins:**
>
> * Before the execution of the observed method, Magento will execute plugins from **lowest to greatest `sortOrder`**.
>   * During each plugin execution, Magento executes the current plugin’s before method.
>   * After the before plugin completes execution, the current plugin’s around method will wrap and execute the next plugin or observed method.
>
> * Following the execution of the observed method, Magento will execute plugins from **greatest to lowest `sortOrder`**.
>   * During each plugin execution, the current plugin will first finish executing its around method.
>   * When the around method completes, the plugin executes its after method before moving on to the next plugin.
  
**Q.** How do you debug a plugin if it doesn't work?

> <kbd>Todo</kbd>

**Identify strengths and weaknesses of plugins.** 

**Q.** What are the limitations of using plugins for customization? 

> **[Limitations](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/extension-dev-guide/plugins.html#limitations)**
>
> * **Plugins can _NOT_ be used on following:**
>   * Final methods
>   * Final classes
>   * Non-public methods
>   * Class methods (such as static methods)
>   * `__construct`
>   * Virtual types
>   * Objects that are instantiated before `Magento\Framework\Interception` is bootstrapped

**Q.** In which cases should plugins be avoided?

> **[Using Around Plugins](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/ext-best-practices/extension-coding/common-programming-bp.html#using-around-plugins)**
>
> **Avoid using around method plugins when they are not required because they increase stack traces and affect performance.**
>
> **The only use case for around method plugins** is when the execution of all further plugins and original methods need termination.
>
> Use **after method plugins** if you require arguments for replacing or altering function results.

**_References:_**

* [DevDocs - Plugins (Interceptors)](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/extension-dev-guide/plugins.html)
* [DevDocs - Programming Best Practices](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/ext-best-practices/extension-coding/common-programming-bp.html)
* [DevDocs - Prioritization of Plugins](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/extension-dev-guide/plugins.html#prioritizing-plugins)


## **1.6** Configure event observers and scheduled jobs

**Demonstrate how to configure observers.** 

**Q.** How do you make your observer only be active on the frontend or backend?

> **[Event Areas]()**
>
> Generally, the location of the `events.xml` file will be under the `<module-root>/etc` directory. Observers that are associated with events here will watch for these events globally. 
>
> The events.xml file can also be defined under the `<module-root>/etc/frontend` and `<module-root>/etc/adminhtml` directories to configure observers to only watch for events in those specific areas.

**Demonstrate how to configure a scheduled job.** 

**Q.** Which parameters are used in configuration, and how can configuration interact with server configuration?

**Identify the function and proper use of automatically available events,**

**Q.** For example `*_load_after`, etc.


**_References:_**

* [DevDocs - Events and observers](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/extension-dev-guide/events-and-observers.html)
* [DevDocs - Observers Best Practices](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/ext-best-practices/extension-coding/observers-bp.html)

## **1.7** Utilize the CLI

**Describe the usage of `bin/magento` commands in the development cycle.**  

**Q.** Which commands are available? 

> **[Command Summary](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/config-guide/cli/config-cli-subcommands.html#config-cli-summary)**
>


**Q.** How are commands used in the development cycle?

**Demonstrate an ability to create a deployment process.** 

**Q.** How does the application behave in different deployment modes, and how do these behaviors impact the deployment approach for PHP code, frontend assets, etc.?

**_References:_**

* [DevDocs - CLI](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/config-guide/cli/config-cli.html)


## **1.8** Demonstrate the ability to manage the cache

**Describe cache types and the tools used to manage caches.**
 
**Q.**  How do you add dynamic content to pages served from the full page cache?

**Describe how to operate with cache clearing.**
 
**Q.** How would you clean the cache? 

**Q.** In which case would you refresh cache/flush cache storage?

**Describe how to clear the cache programmatically.** 

**Q.** What mechanisms are available for clearing all or part of the cache?

**_References:_**


----------

[Back to Index](./) | [Next Section](./2.md)
