# Topics and Objectives - Part 2

## **2** Request Flow Processing 

[Previous Section](./1.md) | [Back to Index](./) | [Next Section](./3.md)

------

## **2.1** Utilize modes and application initialization

**Identify the steps for application initialization.** 

**Q.** How would you design a customization that should act on every request and capture output data regardless of the controller?

**Describe how to use Magento modes.** 

**Q.** What are pros and cons of using developer mode/production mode?

**Q.** When do you use default mode?

**Q.**  How do you enable/disable maintenance mode?

**Describe front controller responsibilities.** 

**Q.** In which situations will the front controller be involved in execution, and how can it be used in the scope of customizations?

## **2.2** Demonstrate ability to process URLs in Magento

**Describe how Magento processes a given URL.** 

**Q.** How do you identify which module and controller corresponds to a given URL?

**Q.** What is necessary to create a custom URL structure?

**Describe the URL rewrite process and its role in creating user-friendly URLs.** 

**Q.** How are user-friendly URLs established, and how are they customized?

**Describe how action controllers and results function.** 

**Q.** How do controllers interact with another?

**Q.** How are different response types generated?


## **2.3** Demonstrate ability to customize request routing

**Describe request routing and flow in Magento.** 

**Q.** When is it necessary to create a new router or to customize existing routers?

**Q.** How do you handle custom 404 pages?

## **2.4** Determine the layout initialization process 

**Determine how layout is compiled.** 

**Q.** How would you debug your layout.xml files and verify that the right layout instructions are used?

**Determine how HTML output is rendered.** 

**Q.**  How does Magento flush output, and what mechanisms exist to access and customize output?

**Determine module layout XML schema.** 

**Q.** How do you add new elements to the pages introduced by a given module?

**Demonstrate the ability to use layout fallback for customizations and debugging.** 

**Q.** How do you identify which exact layout.xml file is processed in a given scope?

**Q.** How does Magento treat layout XML files with the same names in different modules?

**Identify the differences between admin and frontend scopes.** 

**Q.**  What differences exist for layout initialization for the admin scope?

## **2.5** Determine the structure of block templates
 
**Identify and understand `root templates`, `empty.xml`, and `page_layout`.** 

**Q.** How are page structures defined, including number of columns, which basic containers are present, etc.?

**Describe the role of blocks and templates in the request flow.** 

**Q.** In which situations would you create a new block or a new template?



