# Topics and Objectives - Part 3

## **3** Customizing the Magento UI

[Previous Section](./2.md) | [Back to Index](./) | [Next Section](./4.md)

------

## **3.1** Demonstrate ability to utilize themes and the template structure

**Demonstrate the ability to customize the Magento UI using themes.** 

**Q.** When would you create a new theme?

**Q.** How do you define theme hierarchy for your project?

**Demonstrate the ability to customize/debug templates using the template fallback process.** 

**Q.** How do you identify which exact theme file is used in different situations?

**Q.** How can you override native files?


## **3.2** Determine how to use blocks

**Demonstrate an understanding of block architecture and its use in development.** 

**Q.** Which objects are accessible from the block?

**Q.** What is the typical block's role?

**Identify the stages in the lifecycle of a block.** 

**Q.**  In what cases would you put your code in the `_prepareLayout()`, `_beforeToHtml()`, and `_toHtml()` methods?

**Q.** How would you use events fired in the abstract block?

**Describe how blocks are rendered and cached.**

**Identify the uses of different types of blocks.** 

**Q.** When would you use non-template block types?

**Q.** In what situation should you use a template block or other block types?

## **3.3** Demonstrate ability to use layout and XML schema

**Describe the elements of the Magento layout XML schema, including the major XML directives.** 

**Q.** How do you use layout XML directives in your customizations?

**Describe how to create a new layout XML file.**

**Describe how to pass variables from layout to block.**


## **3.4** Utilize JavaScript in Magento

**Describe different types and uses of JavaScript modules.** 

**Q.**  Which JavaScript modules are suited for which tasks?

**Describe UI components.** 

**Q.** In which situation would you use **UiComponent** versus a regular **JavaScript** module?

**Describe the use of `requirejs-config.js`, `x-magento-init`, and `data-mage-init`.**





