# Topics and Objectives - Part 5

## **5**  Using the Entity-Attribute-Value `(EAV)` Model

------


## *5.1* Demonstrate ability to use EAV model concepts

**Describe the EAV hierarchy structure.**  What happens when a new attribute is added to the system? What is the role of attribute sets and attribute groups? How are attributes presented in the admin?

**Describe how EAV data storage works in Magento.**  Which additional options do you have when saving EAV entities?  How do you create customizations based on changes to attribute values?

**Describe the key differences between EAV and flat table collections.**  In which situations would you use EAV for a new entity? What are the pros and cons of EAV architecture?

## **5.2** Demonstrate ability to use EAV entity load and save

**Describe the EAV load and save process and differences from the flat table load and save process.**  What happens when an EAV entity has too many attributes? How does the number of websites/stores affect the EAV load/save process?  How would you customize the load and save process for an EAV entity in the situations described here?

## **5.3** Demonstrate ability to manage attributes

**Describe EAV attributes, including the frontend/source/backend structure.** How would you add _dropdown/multiselect_ attributes? What other possibilities do you have when adding an attribute (to a product, for example)?

**Describe how to implement the interface for attribute frontend models.** What is the purpose of this interface? How can you render your attribute value on the frontend?

**Identify the purpose and describe how to implement the interface for attribute source models.** For a given _dropdown/multiselect_ attribute, how can you specify and manipulate its list of options?

**Identify the purpose and describe how to implement the interface for attribute backend models.** How (and why) would you create a backend model for an attribute?

**Describe how to create and customize attributes.** How would you add a new attribute to the product, category, or customer entities? What is the difference between adding a new attribute and modifying an existing one?




