# Topics and Objectives - Part 7

## **7** Customizing the Catalog

[Previous Section](./6.md) | [Back to Index](./) | [Next Section](./8.md)

------


## **7.1** Demonstrate ability to use products and product types

**Identify/describe standard product types \(simple, configurable, bundled, etc.\).** 

**Q.** How would you obtain a product of a specific type?

**Q.** What tools (in general) does a product type model provide?

**Q.** What additional functionality is available for each of the different product types?


## **7.2** Describe price functionality

**Identify the basic concepts of price generation in Magento.** 

**Q.** How would you identify what is composing the final price of the product?

**Q.** How can you customize the price calculation process?

**Describe how price is rendered in Magento.** 

**Q.** How would you render price in a given place on the page, and how would you modify how the price is rendered?


## **7.3** Demonstrate ability to use and customize categories

**Describe category properties and features.** 

**Q.** How do you create and manage categories?

**Describe the category hierarchy tree structure implementation \(the internal structure inside the database\).** 

**Q.** What is the meaning of `parent_id 0`?

**Q.** How are paths constructed?

**Q.** Which attribute values are required to display a new category in the store?

**Q.** What kind of strategies can you suggest for organizing products into categories?


## **7.4** Determine and manage catalog rules

**Identify how to implement catalog price rules.** 

**Q.** When would you use catalog price rules?

**Q.** How do they impact performance?

**Q.** How would you debug problems with catalog price rules?
