# Section 1: eCommerce (13%)

[Section Content](./content.md) | [Next Section](./2.md)

-----

## [Section 1: eCommerce (13%)](./1.md)

### **1.1** Demonstrate ability to configure SEO features in Magento

#### **Marketing strategies: Omnichannel, multichannel, SEO, affiliate marketing, social marketing, email marketing**

#### **What are the principle methods of natively improving SEO in Magento 2 projects?**

### **1.2** Demonstrate understanding of securing a Magento project

#### **What is the meaning of "PCI compliance"? What effects does PCI compliance have on the website? What is SSL, and when should it be used? What is a DDoS attack? What is a firewall?**

#### **What is difference between TLS and SSL? What other security features exist in Magento 2? How can security patches be applied?**

### **1.3** Demonstrate understanding of how to measure and analyze the user experience

#### **What are typical usability principles and issues? For instance, when a user leaves an ecommerce site without completing a purchase they began, what usability issues need to be planned for?**

#### **Demonstrate knowledge of key laws and regulations impacting ecommerce**

#### **Disability compliance issues (ADA and its international equivalents)**

#### **US and EU privacy and data protection regulations and GDPR**

### **1.4** _**NOTE** Section 1.4 is missing content or mislabeled from source_

### **1.5** Demonstrate ability to use data analytics and testing

#### **Google Analytics, A/B testing, optimization and personalization**

### **1.6** Demonstrate understanding of implementing omnichannel

#### **What products and tools does Magento have to handle complex inventory management? What B2B tools does Magento implement? What is MSI? How can MSI sourcing algorithms be used?**

#### **Drop ship**

#### **Buy-on-line / pickup-in-store**

#### **Personalization**
