# Section 3: Magento Admin and Storefront (30%)

[Previous Section](./2.md) | [Next Section](./4.md)

-----


## [Section 3: Magento Admin and Storefront (30%)](./3.md)

### **3.1** Demonstrate ability to use the Magento Admin

#### **Which sections exist in the Magento Admin UI?**

#### **What are user roles? How can they be configured? Can a user have multiple roles?**

#### **Demonstrate the ability to create complex user authorization configurations**

#### **Demonstrate the ability to use grids and forms**

### **3.2** Demonstrate ability to use content staging and previews

#### **What are staging timelines? How can staging be used? How can staging be previewed? What are the limitations of staging?**

#### **Which entities can staging be used with? How can staging be used with third-party extensions?**

### **3.3** Demonstrate ability to configure the shopping cart

#### **Can guest customers place orders?**

#### **How can pricing and tax display be influenced through the Magento Admin?**

#### **How do you restrict checkout to registered customers?**

#### **Demonstrate the ability to use the wish list**

#### **Demonstrate the ability to configure shopping cart rules**

### **3.4** Demonstrate understanding of payment methods

#### **Which payment methods are available natively in Magento Commerce? Which capture methods does Magento provide? What are advantages of hosted payment? What are the shopping cart gift options?**

### **3.5** Demonstrate ability to configure shipping methods

#### **What shipping methods does Magento 2 provide out of the box? How can table rates be configured? How can in-store pickup be set up?**

### **3.6** Demonstrate ability to create a checkout process

#### **What can registered customers do that guest customers cannot? Why is the payment step last before order placement? What kind of customizations does Magento checkout support? How is price calculation in the checkout different from the catalog?**

### **3.7** Demonstrate ability to set up order processing

#### **When an order is saved in the Magento database, what triggers a confirmation email to a customer using PayPal Express? Login to PayPal account? Clicking Checkout button? Clicking Purchase button?**

#### **When editing a pending order, what order data can be changed?**

### **3.8** Understand the use of extensions and customizations

#### **Where can a merchant find Magento extensions? How are extensions installed? How can a Magento extension be evaluated?**

#### **What do you need to look out for when evaluating a third-party extension? When is a customization required?**

### **3.9** Demonstrate ability to manage customers

#### **What are customer groups? What can customer groups be used for? How can customer groups be set up?**

#### **What are customer segments? What can customer segments be used for? How can customer segments be configured?**

#### **What are customer attributes used for? What kind of customer attributes can be created? What is the difference in customer attribute configuration between Magento Commerce and Magento Open Source?**

#### **What are customer account features?**

### **3.10** Demonstrate ability to use the CMS

#### **What are CMS pages and blocks? How can custom variables be used? How can external images be embedded in CMS content? How can multilingual CMS content be managed? What are widgets? How are widgets used?**

#### **Demonstrate understanding of Magento Commerce banners**

### **3.11** Demonstrate ability to create promotions and price rules

#### **What is the difference between catalog price rules and shopping cart price rules? What are effects of many catalog price rules? What are effects of many shopping cart price rules?**

#### **Demonstrate the ability to set up product relations (related products, upsells, cross-sells)**

#### **Demonstrate an understanding of the possibilities and limitations of reward points**

#### **What kind of coupons exist? How can they be configured?**

### **3.12** Demonstrate ability to import / export

#### **Explain how to populate a product import template with product data that needs to be managed at the store view level. For example, images and language differ across the store views. If I have 3 store views what would that look like?**

#### **Can order data be imported without customization? Define the import behaviors: add/update, replace, delete**

#### **What is an empty attribute value constant and what is the default value?**

### **3.13** Demonstrate understanding of reporting in Magento

#### **What native options exist for reporting in Magento? What are the benefits of Magento BI?**
