# Section 1: Magento Architecture & Customization Techniques (18%)

[Section Content](./content.md) | [Next Section](./2.md)

-----

## [Section 1: Magento Architecture & Customization Techniques (18%)](./1.md)

### **1.1**  Describe Magento’s module-based architecture

#### **Describe module limitations. How do different modules interact with each other? What side effects can come from this interaction?**

### **1.2**  Describe Magento’s directory structure

#### **Determine how to locate different types of files in Magento. Where are the files containing JavaScript, HTML, and PHP located? How do you find the files responsible for certain functionality?**

### **1.3**  Utilize configuration XML and variables scope

#### **Determine how to use configuration files in Magento. Which configuration files correspond to different features and functionality?**

### **1.4**  Demonstrate how to use dependency injection

#### **Describe Magento’s dependency injection approach and architecture. How are objects realized in Magento? Why is it important to have a centralized process creating object instances?**

#### **Identify how to use DI configuration files for customizing Magento. How can you override a native class, inject your class into another object, and use other techniques available in di.xml (such as virtualTypes)?**

### **1.5**  Demonstrate ability to use plugins

#### **Demonstrate how to design complex solutions using the plugin’s life cycle. How do multiple plugins interact, and how can their execution order be controlled? How do you debug a plugin if it doesn’t work?**

#### **Identify strengths and weaknesses of plugins. What are the limitations of using plugins for customization? In which cases should plugins be avoided?**

### **1.6**  Configure event observers and scheduled jobs

#### **Demonstrate how to configure observers. How do you make your observer only be active on the frontend or backend?**

#### **Demonstrate how to configure a scheduled job. Which parameters are used in configuration, and how can configuration interact with server configuration?**

#### **Identify the function and proper use of automatically available events, for example *_load_after, etc.**

### **1.7**  Utilize the CLI

#### **Describe the usage of bin/magento commands in the development cycle. Which commands are available? How are commands used in the development cycle?**

#### **Demonstrate an ability to create a deployment process. How does the application behave in different deployment modes, and how do these behaviors impact the deployment approach for PHP code, frontend assets, etc.?**

### **1.8**  Demonstrate the ability to manage the cache

#### **Describe cache types and the tools used to manage caches. How do you add dynamic content to pages served from the full page cache?**

#### **Describe how to operate with cache clearing. How would you clean the cache? In which case would you refresh cache/flash cache storage?**

#### **Describe how to clear the cache programmatically. What mechanisms are available for clearing all or part of the cache?**


