# Section 2: Request Flow Processing (12%)

[Previous Section](./1.md) | [Next Section](./3.md)

-----

## [Section 2: Request Flow Processing (12%)](./2.md)

### **2.1**  Utilize modes and application initialization

#### **Identify the steps for application initialization. How would you design a customization that should act on every request and capture output data regardless of the controller?**

#### **Describe how to use Magento modes. What are pros and cons of using developer mode/production mode? When do you use default mode? How do you enable/disable maintenance mode?**

#### **Describe front controller responsibilities. In which situations will the front controller be involved in execution, and how can it be used in the scope of customizations?**

### **2.2**  Demonstrate ability to process URLs in Magento

#### **Describe how Magento processes a given URL. How do you identify which module and controller corresponds to a given URL? What is necessary to create a custom URL structure?**

#### **Describe the URL rewrite process and its role in creating user-friendly URLs. How are user-friendly URLs established, and how are they customized?**

#### **Describe how action controllers and results function. How do controllers interact with another? How are different response types generated?**

### **2.3**  Demonstrate ability to customize request routing

#### **Describe request routing and flow in Magento. When is it necessary to create a new router or to customize existing routers? How do you handle custom 404 pages?**

### **2.4**  Determine the layout initialization process

#### **Determine how layout is compiled. How would you debug your layout.xml files and verify that the right layout instructions are used?**

#### **Determine how HTML output is rendered. How does Magento flush output, and what mechanisms exist to access and customize output?**

#### **Determine module layout XML schema. How do you add new elements to the pages introduced by a given module?**

#### **Demonstrate the ability to use layout fallback for customizations and debugging. How do you identify which exact layout.xml file is processed in a given scope? How does Magento treat layout XML files with the same names in different modules?**

#### **Identify the differences between admin and frontend scopes. What differences exist for layout initialization for the admin scope?**

### **2.5**  Determine the structure of block templates

#### **Identify and understand root templates, empty.xml, and page_layout. How are page structures defined, including number of columns, which basic containers are present, etc.?**

#### **Describe the role of blocks and templates in the request flow. In which situations would you create a new block or a new template?**


