# Section 3: Customizing the Magento UI (10%)

[Previous Section](./2.md) | [Next Section](./4.md)

-----

## [Section 3: Customizing the Magento UI (10%)](./3.md)

### **3.1**  Demonstrate ability to utilize themes and the template structure

#### **Demonstrate the ability to customize the Magento UI using themes. When would you create a new theme? How do you define theme hierarchy for your project?**

#### **Demonstrate the ability to customize/debug templates using the template fallback process. How do you identify which exact theme file is used in different situations? How can you override native files?**

### **3.2**  Determine how to use blocks

#### **Demonstrate an understanding of block architecture and its use in development. Which objects are accessible from the block? What is the typical block’s role?**

#### **Identify the stages in the lifecycle of a block. In what cases would you put your code in the _prepareLayout(), _beforeToHtml(), and _toHtml() methods? How would you use events fired in the abstract block?**

#### **Describe how blocks are rendered and cached.**

#### **Identify the uses of different types of blocks. When would you use non-template block types? In what situation should you use a template block or other block types?**

### **3.3**  Demonstrate ability to use layout and XML schema

#### **Describe the elements of the Magento layout XML schema, including the major XML directives. How do you use layout XML directives in your customizations?**

#### **Describe how to create a new layout XML file.**

#### **Describe how to pass variables from layout to block.**

### **3.4**  Utilize JavaScript in Magento

#### **Describe different types and uses of JavaScript modules. Which JavaScript modules are suited for which tasks?**

#### **Describe UI components. In which situation would you use UiComponent versus a regular JavaScript module?**

#### **Describe the use of requirejs-config.js, x-magento-init, and data-mage-init.**

