# Section 5: using the Entity-Attribute-Value (EAV) Model (8%)

[Previous Section](./4.md) | [Next Section](./6.md)

-----



## [Section 5: using the Entity-Attribute-Value (EAV) Model (8%)](./5.md)

### **5.1**  Demonstrate ability to use EAV model concepts

#### **Describe the EAV hierarchy structure. What happens when a new attribute is added to the system? What is the role of attribute sets and attribute groups? How are attributes presented in the admin?**

#### **Describe how EAV data storage works in Magento. Which additional options do you have when saving EAV entities? How do you create customizations based on changes to attribute values?**

#### **Describe the key differences between EAV and flat table collections. In which situations would you use EAV for a new entity? What are the pros and cons of EAV architecture?**

### **5.2**  Demonstrate ability to use EAV entity load and save


#### **Describe the EAV load and save process and differences from the flat table load and save process. What happens when an EAV entity has too many attributes? How does the number of websites/stores affect the EAV load/save process? How would you customize the load and save process for an EAV entity in the situations described here?**

### **5.3**  Demonstrate ability to manage attributes


#### **Describe EAV attributes, including the frontend/source/backend structure. How would you add dropdown/multiselect attributes? What other possibilities do you have when adding an attribute (to a product, for example)?**

#### **Describe how to implement the interface for attribute frontend models. What is the purpose of this interface? How can you render your attribute value on the frontend?**

#### **Identify the purpose and describe how to implement the interface for attribute source models. For a given dropdown/multiselect attribute, how can you specify and manipulate its list of options?**

#### **Identify the purpose and describe how to implement the interface for attribute backend models. How (and why) would you create a backend model for an attribute?**

#### **Describe how to create and customize attributes. How would you add a new attribute to the product, category, or customer entities? What is the difference between adding a new attribute and modifying an existing one?**


