# Section 6: Developing with Adminhtml (10%)

[Previous Section](./5.md) | [Next Section](./7.md)

-----

## [Section 6: Developing with Adminhtml (10%)](./6.md)

### **6.1**  Describe common structure/architecture

#### **Describe the difference between Adminhtml and frontend. What additional tools and requirements exist in the admin?**

### **6.2**  Define form and grid widgets


#### **Define form structure, form templates, grids, grid containers, and elements. What steps are needed to display a grid or form?**

#### **Describe the grid and form workflow. How is data provided to the grid or form? How can this be process be customized or extended?**

#### **Describe how to create a simple form and grid for a custom entity. Given a specific entity with different types of fields (text, dropdown, image, file, date, and so on) how would you create a grid and a form?**

### **6.3**  Define system configuration XML and configuration scope


#### **Define basic terms and elements of system configuration XML, including scopes. How would you add a new system configuration option? What is the difference in this process for different option types (secret, file)?**

#### **Describe system configuration data retrieval. How do you access system configuration options programmatically?**

### **6.4**  Utilize ACL to set menu items and permissions


#### **Describe how to set up a menu item and permissions. How would you add a new menu item in a given tab? How would you add a new tab in the Admin menu? How do menu items relate to ACL permissions?**

#### **Describe how to check for permissions in the "permissions management" tree structures. How would you add a new user with a given set of permissions? How can you do that programmatically?**


