# Section 8: Customizing the Checkout Process (13%)

[Previous Section](./7.md) | [Next Section](./9.md)

-----

## [Section 8: Customizing the Checkout Process (13%)](./8.md)

### **8.1**  Demonstrate ability to use quote, quote item, address, and shopping cart rules in checkout


#### **Describe how to modify these models and effectively use them in customizations.**

#### **Describe how to customize the process of adding a product to the cart. Which different scenarios should you take into account?**

### **8.2**  Demonstrate ability to use totals models


#### **Describe how to modify the price calculation process in the shopping cart. How can you add a custom totals model or modify existing totals models?**

### **8.3**  Demonstrate ability to customize the shopping cart


#### **Describe how to implement shopping cart rules. What is the difference between sales rules and catalog rules? How do sales rules affect performance? What are the limitations of the native sales rules engine?**

#### **Describe add-to-cart logic in different scenarios. What is the difference in adding a product to the cart from the product page, from the wishlist, by clicking Reorder, and during quotes merge?**

#### **Describe the difference in behavior of different product types in the shopping cart. How are configurable and bundle products rendered? How can you create a custom shopping cart renderer?**

#### **Describe the available shopping cart operations. Which operations are available to the customer on the cart page? How can you customize cart edit functionality? How would you create an extension that deletes one item if another was deleted? How do you add a field to the shipping address?**

### **8.4**  Demonstrate ability to customize shipping and payment methods

#### **Describe shipping methods architecture. How can you create a new shipping method? What is the relationship between carriers and rates?**

#### **Describe how to troubleshoot shipping methods and rate results. Where do shipping rates come from? How can you debug the wrong shipping rate being returned?**

#### **Describe how to troubleshoot payment methods. What types of payment methods exist? What are the different payment flows?**

