# Section 1: Magento Architecture & Customization Techniques (33%)

[Section Content](./content.md) | [Next Section](./2.md)

-----

## [Section 1: Magento Architecture & Customization Techniques (33%)](./1.md)

### **1.1**  Describe the Magento module-based architecture

#### **Describe module architecture. What are the significant steps to add a new module? What are the different Composer package types? When would you place a module in the app/code folder versus another location?**

### **1.2**  Describe the Magento directory structure

#### **Describe the Magento directory structure. What are the naming conventions, and how are namespaces established? How can you identify the files responsible for some functionality?**

### **1.3**  Utilize configuration and configuration variables scope

#### **Determine how to use configuration files in Magento. Which configuration files are important in the development cycle?**

#### **Describe development in the context of website and store scopes. How do you identify the configuration scope for a given variable? How do native Magento scopes (for example, price or inventory) affect development and decision-making processes?**

#### **Demonstrate an ability to add different values for different scopes. How can you fetch a system configuration value programmatically? How can you override system configuration values for a given store using XML configuration?**

### **1.4**  Demonstrate how to use dependency injection (DI)

#### **Demonstrate the ability to use the dependency injection concept in Magento development. How are objects realized in code? Why is it important to have a centralized object creation process?**

#### **Identify how to use DI configuration files for customizing Magento. How can you override a native class, inject your class into another object, and use other techniques available in di.xml (for example, virtualTypes)?**

#### **Given a scenario, determine how to obtain an object using the ObjectManager object. How would you obtain a class instance from different places in the code?**

### **1.5**  Demonstrate ability to use plugins

#### **Demonstrate an understanding of plugins. How are plugins used in core code? How can they be used for customizations?**

### **1.6**  Configure event observers and scheduled jobs

#### **Demonstrate how to create a customization using an event observer. How are observers registered? How are they scoped for frontend or backend? How are automatic events created, and how should they be used? How are scheduled jobs configured?**

### **1.7**  Utilize the CLI

#### **Describe the usage of bin/magento commands in the development cycle. Which commands are available? How are commands used in the development cycle?**

### **1.8**  Describe how extensions are installed and configured

#### **How would you install and verify an extension by a customer’s request?**


