# Section 3: Layout XML in Themes (18%)

[Previous Section](./2.md) | [Next Section](./4.md)

-----


## [Section 3: Layout XML in Themes (18%)](./3.md)

### **3.1**  Demonstrate knowledge of all layout XML directives and their arguments
#### **What layout XML elements exist and what is their purpose? What is the purpose of the attributes that are available on blocks and other elements?**

### **3.2**  Describe page layouts and their inheritance

#### **How can the page layout be specified? What is the purpose of page layouts? How can a custom page layout be created? Where are the existing page layouts used? How can the root page layout be specified for all pages and for specific pages?**

### **3.3**  Demonstrate understanding of layout handles and corresponding files

#### **How can the available layout handles for a given page be determined? How do you add a new layout handle? What is the purpose of layout handles? What are the most commonly used layout handles? How can layout handles be used during theme customization?**

### **3.4**  Understand the differences between containers and blocks

#### **What is the purpose of blocks? What is the purpose of containers? How can containers be used in theming? How can blocks be used in theming? What is the default block type? How can the order of rendered child blocks be influenced both in containers and in blocks?**

### **3.5**  Describe layout XML override technique

#### **How can layout XML be overridden? How can layout overriding be used in theming? What are consequences of layout overrides during upgrades? What is the effect of layout overrides on compatibility?**

### **3.6**  Understand layout merging

#### **What is layout merging? How do design areas influence merging? How can merging remove elements added earlier? What are additive changes and what are overriding changes during layout merging?**

### **3.7**  Understand processing order of layout handles and other directives

#### **In what order are layout handles processed? In what order is layout XML merged within the same handle? How can the processing order be influenced? What are common problems arising from the merge order of layout declarations?**

### **3.8**  Set values on block instances using layout XML arguments

#### **How can arguments be set on blocks? Which data types are available? What are common arguments for blocks?**

### **3.9**  Customize a theme's appearance with etc/view.xml

#### **What is the etc/view.xml file used for? How can it be used to customize a theme? How can values from etc/view.xml be used during theming? How does theme inheritance influence values from etc/view.xml?send**

