# Section 7: Use LESS/CSS to Customize Magento Look and Feel (8%)

[Previous Section](./6.md) | [Next Section](./8.md)

-----

## [Section 7: Use LESS/CSS to Customize Magento Look and Feel (8%)](./7.md)

### **7.1**  Explain core concepts of LESS

#### **Describe features like file import via @import directive, reusable code sections via mixins together with parameters and the usage of variables. Demonstrate your understanding of the special variable @arguments.**

#### **Demonstrate how to use the nesting code formatting, and the understanding of media queries together with nesting. Describe how the & (Ampersand) works and its function. Describe how calculations are possible as well.**

### **7.2**  Explain Magento's implementation of LESS (@magento_directive)

#### **Demonstrate the process from magento-less files via php preprocessing into real LESS files with extracted @import directives. Where can the intermediate files be found?**

#### **What do you have to remember, when you change a less file? Which files will be re-processed on file changes? Are the original files copied or symlinked in developer environments?**

### **7.3**  Describe the purpose of _module.less, _extend.less, _extends.less

#### **Demonstrate LESS has no fallback capabilities and therefor magento created @magento_import directives to enable FE devs to inject or replace parts of existing less structures of modules and themes.**

### **7.4**  Show configuration and usage of CSS merging and minification

#### **Demonstrate the primary use case for merging and minifaction. Determine how these options can be found in the backend. Understand the implications merging has in respect to folder traversal.**

### **7.5**  Magento UI library usage

#### **Demonstrate your understanding of magento's UI library, a LESS-based library of mixins and variables for many different standard design elements on websites. How can you take advantage of the UI library? What do you have to do to enable it in your theme?**

#### **Which file is primarily used for basic setup of variables? Where can UI library files be found? How can it be extended? How can you change specific parts of the UI library?**


