# Section 8: Customize the Look and Feel of Specific Magento Pages (22%)

[Previous Section](./7.md) | [Next Section](./9.md)

-----

## [Section 8: Customize the Look and Feel of Specific Magento Pages (22%)](./8.md)

### **8.1**  Utilize generic page elements

#### **Demonstrate an understanding of customizing generic page elements that can be found on most pages: page header and footer, quick search, store view (language) switcher, mini cart, breadcrumbs, and sidebar menu.**

### **8.2**  Customizing product detail pages

#### **How can design changes (page layout) be configured on product detail pages? How can design changes be configured for specific product types?**

#### **How can you use custom layout updates for specific product pages? Demonstrate an understanding of how to use the container blocks provided by Magento to display additional information on category pages.**

### **8.3**  Customizing category pages

#### **How can design changes (page layout) be configured on category pages? How can the layered navigation be configured? Demonstrate an understanding of configuring design inheritance for category pages. How can a CMS block be configured as a category landing page?**

### **8.4**  Customizing CMS pages

#### **How can design changes (page layout) be configured on CMS pages? Demonstrate an understanding of static variables in CMS blocks and pages. Demonstrate an understanding of the use of CMS template directives (var, store, block, …).**

### **8.5**  Customizing widgets

#### **How is a widget instance created? Where can widgets be used? How can a custom widget target be created? Demonstrate an understanding of configuring a widget instance.**

### **8.6**  Customizing CMS blocks

#### **How do you create and insert CMS blocks? Demonstrate an understanding of the use of CMS template directives (var, store, block, …).**

#### **Demonstrate an understanding of Page Builder folder structure and theme inheritance.**

### **8.7**  Customizing customer account pages

#### **How do you remove or add an item from the customer account navigation using layout XML? Demonstrate an understanding of formatting customer addresses.**

### **8.8**  Customizing one-page checkout

#### **Demonstrate an understanding of the container blocks provided in the Magento checkout to display additional information.**

### **8.9**  Understand customization of transactional email templates

#### **How do you create and assign custom transactional email templates? How do you use template variables available in all emails? How do you access properties of variable objects (for example, var order.getCustomer.getName)?**

#### **How can you create a link to custom images from transactional email templates? How do you create links to store pages in transactional email templates?**

